README.md, before:

puckman
=======
A wrapper utility for pacman, the package manager for Arch.
Its aim is to provide a simpler interface for the most used functionality.

Install
-------
It's optional, but I highly recommend you install the `bash-completion` package:
```
pacman -Sy bash-completion
```
The package enables tab compeltion support for the options of many popular utilities.
This project adds a completion script to the the list so you can tab to see the commands, then tab to see eligible packages, etc.

Just run:
```
make install
```

Usage
-----
`puckman update` is the equivalent of `pacman -Sy` and updates the package database.
`puckman install <package>` is the equivalent of `pacman -Sy <package>` and installs a package (also updates the package database).
`puckman remove <package>` is the equivalent of `pacman -Rsc <package>` and completely removes a package and all the packages that would be orpaned by it.
`puckman clean` removes orphan packages. Does `pacman -Rsc` for any package listed by `pacman -Qdt`.
`puckman upgrade` is the equivalent of `pacman -Syu` and performs upgrades for every installed package on the system.
`puckman list` lists the explicitly installed packages on the system. It lists packages listed by `pacman -Qei` without those in `base` or `base-devel`.

If you have the `bash-completion` package installed, you may type `puckman <TAB><TAB>` to list the commands, and `puckmand install <TAB><TAB>` or `puckman remove <TAB><TAB>` will list the eligible packages to install or remove. You may also begin to type a package name and tab to complete it or get a list of the eleigible packages starting with what you already typed.

Upcoming
--------
I plan on adding AUR support.

Commit message:

Fix typos, add license mention to readme

README.md, after:

puckman
=======
A wrapper utility for pacman, the package manager for Arch.
Its aim is to provide a simpler interface for the most used functionality.

Install
-------
It's optional, but I highly recommend you install the `bash-completion` package:
```
pacman -Sy bash-completion
```
The package enables tab compeltion support for the options of many popular utilities.
This project adds a completion script to the the list so you can tab to see the commands, then tab to see eligible packages, etc.

Just run:
```
make install
```

Usage
-----
`puckman update` is the equivalent of `pacman -Sy` and updates the package database.

`puckman install <package>` is the equivalent of `pacman -Sy <package>` and installs a package (also updates the package database).

`puckman remove <package>` is the equivalent of `pacman -Rsc <package>` and completely removes a package and all the packages that would be orpaned by it.

`puckman clean` removes orphan packages. Does `pacman -Rsc` for any package listed by `pacman -Qdt`.

`puckman upgrade` is the equivalent of `pacman -Syu` and performs upgrades for every installed package on the system.

`puckman list` lists the explicitly installed packages on the system. It lists packages listed by `pacman -Qei` without those in `base` or `base-devel`.

If you have the `bash-completion` package installed, you may type `puckman <TAB><TAB>` to list the commands, and `puckman install <TAB><TAB>` or `puckman remove <TAB><TAB>` will list the eligible packages to install or remove. You may also begin to type a package name and tab to complete it or get a list of the eleigible packages starting with what you already typed.

Upcoming
--------
I plan on adding AUR support.

License
-------
[The Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/). This project is truly free, and public domain. It's a stupid little script, I really don't care what you do with it.
